ramp bill pay now Imports bills directly
from netw Suite so you can keep creating
bills exactly as you do today while
unlocking more ways to pay with greater
efficiency here we are looking at an
open Bill within netw Suite this bill
has been both created and
approved inside of ramp we can navigate
to Bill Pay settings and under the
importing subtab toggle on import in
bills from netsuite now with Bill
importing enabled these bills sync
automatically into ramp no manual
uploads or extra steps
needed imported bills land in the for
payment tab ready to be
scheduled as new bills get created we'll
automatically bring them intoo so
nothing gets missed imported bills
include all key details like vendor
amount and invoice number you can also
easily navigate to your accounting
system to reference the original
bill with ramp you have multiple ways to
pay a check wire or card ramp even Flags
opportunities to pay by card helping you
maximize cash back whenever
possible now let's prepare our payment
ramp allows you to pay bills in
bulk here we can see ramp has batched
payments going to the same
vendor we're also able to schedule when
we want our payments to go out and just
like that all of our imported bills are
set for
payment once bills are paid in ramp
they're automatically updated in your
accounting system keeping everything in
sync without the extra work here's that
paid bill inside of netsuite whether you
need a complete accounts payable
solution or just a better way to pay
your bills ramp gives you the
flexibility to manage payments more
efficiently